by now it's time to continue on with my
lego starwars Complete Saga ideas
walkthroughs let's do this
so now it's time to give pixel things
before we continue on with the gosh-darn
story use the force on this yup now we
fixed it what I have to keep on clearing
my throat so often let me come on to you
Foley's moving on we're going here and I
got a phone number one of those alien
things we cannot deal with your calls so
oh yeah I thought I'd say wrong so yes
now use the force on this there's going
to be a little cooking
yeah so that was the cut little cutscene
that lastly only a couple of seconds I
don't know water had to show it really
like 10 points or just so annoying
- banks loci like RCC - right he's just
like a red version of work your beauty
so everything go anyways moving on
what do you know is being attacked and
look great officially been sippin who's
here robot doors I've noted with their
call tones is come on bro by choices
continue come on stop running away fight
look crybaby no I do not want to do that
that goes here or is it will be time
bombs I'll show you it will explode
every time you go near him like that the
boom no a time bomb just kill me off
just Kylin name whoa
I got sold in there coming
oh great why I keep on getting shot oh
great now I just drowned so many
killings in one video
come on Jack oh that's another yeah I'm
lucky with the deaths today yeah I can
missed one they want actual Miss Emily
now go do that and push the controls a
bit 12 Oh fabulous we'll go with our
four I highly recommend it for this part
come on do I get like no I don't think
so but hey I can see the computer birds
and I just chill down after I offer all
p17
so when they're gone
that's why this thing
reinstallation this again we do that oh
that baby up close that it will cause
what random droids to show up I know I
do get cold so yeah which is kinda lame
lamest thing we'll do the next boss
fight against Jango stupid mix bet
that's why I can't see nothing to change
that like this is a chain right now you
can pull them down we go
do this
the other concluded low level so in like
obi-wan Kenobi Jedi Master in earth for
two months seven
you got another go away go away - I
ain't got a stub or hearing or seeing
the next part other stars and sleep saga